---
title: "How to transfer & share data on Mtn, 9mobile, Glo & Airtel"
cover: "8.jpg"
date: "2020-10-01"
category: "tech"
tags:
    - programming
    - stuff
    - other
---


## How To Transfer Data From MTN To MTN
Transfer Data in Mega byte data (MB) from One MTN sim to another. Ensure you have Enough Data of at least 10MB.

**HOW TO APPLY FOR MTN DATA SHARE** To activate ur sim for Mtn Data Share services, simply dial * 131 * 2 * 1 #. Then, change ur data share pin. Default Pin:0000 To change it, simply dial * 131 * 2 * Default Pin *   New Pin * New Pin # Now,

**HOW TO TRANSFER MB WITH FRIENDS** To share, u need to firstly, add ur frnd's phone no. secondly ur beneficiary.

To add, dial * 131 * 2 * 4 * 1 * frnd'sno.* Pin #

To share MB dial * 131 * 2 * 4 * 3 * Pin #

It is advicable to have only ONE beneficiary else your data transaction/ transfer fails.

You can Remove Beneficiary

To remove your friend's phone number from Beneficiary list in order for a successful transaction with another friend, dial * 131 * 2 * 4 * 2 *Old Friend's phone number * Pin #.

First added friend has now been deleted. Then to add a new friend, dial * 131 * 2 * 4 * 1 * New Friend's phone number * Pin #. How To Check Beneficiary List To check Beneficiary list, dial * 131 * 2 * 4 * 4 * Pin #.

## How To Transfer Data From Airtel To Airtel

**To transfer Airtel Data follow the steps below :**
1. 10MB: dial * 141 * 712 * 11 *recipient number#

2. 25MB: dial * 141 * 712 * 9 * recipient number #

3. 60MB dial * 141 * 712 * 4 * recipient number #.

**Note:** There will be a deduction of #100 or 10MB from your account for the data transfer. You can dial * 141 * 1 # and follow the voice prompts to get more information on Airtel data transfer.

## How To Transfer Data From Etisalat To Etisalat

**To transfer Etisalat Data follow the following steps below..**

Dial * 229 * recipient * Amount of MB # (example * 229 * 08099999999 * 50 #) OR * 229 * recipient * Amount Of MB * pin # (example * 229 * 08099999999* 50 * pin #)

SECURITY PIN= 0000 After doing this, the Data you specified will be transferred to the recipients number.

## How To Transfer Data From GLO To GLO

To share or transfer Glo Data follow the steps below.

Dial * 127 *Data Plan Code *receiver’s number # (example * 127 * 53 * 0805003xxxx #) from the example above, 53 is the Data Plan Code for Always Micro subscription and is being sent or transferred as a gift to 0805003xxxx


Don't forget to share to others.


