---
title: "How to transfer Airtime to your bank account"
cover: "7.jpg"
date: "2020-10-01"
category: "tutorial"
tags:
    - transfer
    - online banking
---


Transfer airtime to bank through online platforms

**below are websites, search them out on google to get access..**

## Zoranga
Zoranga is a Nigerian mobile money service that converts airtime to cash. Zoranga caters for merchants (businesses) apart from catering for individuals.

## Aimtoget
Aimtoget Is an airtime processing platform that allows you to convert airtime to instant cash. This platform is becoming the go-to platform to convert airtime to cash. I say this because they have a business address, phone number and some reviews by users who seem to have used it. Aimtoget converts your airtime to cash and would pay you 80% cash after conversion

## Airtimeflip
They charge 19% fee on each MTN airtime transaction. So they will send ₦ 810 into your bank account if you convert ₦ 1000 airtime (19%), and so on. You check their Charges page to see a complete list of their charges

## Airtimedatahub
Airtimedatahub allows you to convert airtime of all networks to cash within a few minutes. They credit customers’ bank account within 5 to 15 minutes of the request submission, according to their website. They charge 20% on Mtn and Airtel airtime, 25% on 9mobile and 35% on Glo.

## Cheetahpay
Cheetahpay has two options: You can convert your airtime balance to cash or convert airtime pin to cash if you have physical recharge cards for sale. What I love about the platform is how detailed their FAQ on how to convert airtime to cash is

## ipayairtime
iPayAirtime makes it possible for you to convert airtime to cash and pay for things online with airtime. They do not charge a registration fee but only a 18% deposit fee on MTN airtime.

