---
title: "Endsars Protest experience Setback in Kogi State"
cover: "endsars-protest.jpg"
category: "news"
date: "2020-10-20"
author: "dejitaiwo"
tags:
    - end sars
    - kogi news
    
---

<blockquote>#Endsars Protest in Kogi State experience Setback as National Youth Council of Nigeria (NYCN) Chairman Dissociates body from #Endsars Protest in Lokoja.</blockquote>

With the #Endsars Protest spreading like wildfire and gaining national and international attention, the #Endsars Protest in Lokoja receives a major setback as the planned #Endsars Protest scheduled to hold in Lokoja, the Kogi State Capital on Monday 19th, 2020 has been rubbished by Comrade Umar Bako. 

The Coordinator of the National Youth Council of Nigeria (NYCN), Comrade Umar Muhammed Bako Clerk in Kogi State reveals that the body has nothing to do with the #Endsars protest being allegedly organized by some unscrupulous and faceless groups in the state.

Comrade Umar Bako in a press briefing said while the youth body was in support of any genuine agitation to bring police brutality and other forms of injustices by security agencies to a halt, the planned protest in Lokoja, Kogi state capital lacked any form sincerity from all indications.

It was further stressed by Comrade Bako Umar that there was the need for a more focused and citizen – centric government in power, saying that good governance was important for the progress of the society.

He condemned what he perceived as an obvious attempt to hijack a noble course by individuals with sinister intentions, adding that any agitation lacking in clear – cut objective was bound to be used as cover to commit crimes capable of breaching law and order in the state. 

The Forum Coordinators Chairman as a measure to ensure law and order calls on security agencies to take proactive measures to nib in the bud any attempt to breakdown law and order in the state, and urged all well meaning youths to stay away from the protest.

Comrade Bako Umar reiterates that the Governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello and all officials of his administration have shown support to the national and global agitation, noting that it would be counterproductive to have a dissenting voice from an obvious demonstration of solidarity being shown by government.

Comrade Bako Umar further assured of the commitment of the state’s youths in the 21 Local Government Areas to always protect their interests, while avoiding any character that would try to incite them against one another or against any constituted authority for the purpose of settling political scores.


